CREATE DATABASE csia;

CREATE TABLE `account` (
  `id` int NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `username` varchar(45) NOT NULL,
  `password` varchar(45) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`),
  UNIQUE KEY `username_UNIQUE` (`username`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB AUTO_INCREMENT=25 DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb3;

INSERT INTO `account` VALUES (12,'redgeorge','m123456'),(13,'quangmai','m12345'),(14,'fuzzle','alpial'),(15,'cat','meow'),(16,'haha','haha'),(19,'PaulPhillips717@hihicute.com','ee'),(20,'hoho','hoho'),(21,'redvelvet','time'),(22,'time','red'),(24,'timely','rep');

CREATE TABLE `order` (
  `id` int NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `accountID` int DEFAULT NULL,
  `receiverName` varchar(45) DEFAULT NULL,
  `receiverAddress` varchar(200) DEFAULT NULL,
  `receiverPN` varchar(45) DEFAULT NULL,
  `receiverEmail` varchar(100) DEFAULT NULL,
  `time` varchar(45) DEFAULT NULL,
  `paymentMethod` int DEFAULT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB AUTO_INCREMENT=75 DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb3;

CREATE TABLE `productorder` (
  `id` int NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `productID` int NOT NULL,
  `quantities` int NOT NULL,
  `orderID` int NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB AUTO_INCREMENT=68 DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb3;

CREATE TABLE `products` (
  `id` int NOT NULL,
  `ProductsName` varchar(45) NOT NULL,
  `Price` int NOT NULL,
  `Category` varchar(45) NOT NULL COMMENT ' ',
  `isBestseller` varchar(10) DEFAULT '0',
  `Description` longtext NOT NULL,
  `Stock` int NOT NULL,
  `Image` varchar(250) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb3;

INSERT INTO `products` VALUES (13,'Zippo Sterling Silver',5400000,'Premium','1','This Sterling Silver lighter is part of Zippo\'s precious metal collection. The lighter case is made of sterling silver and has a polished brushed finish. Case Material: Solid Sterling Silver - Elegant and sophisticated design.',13,'../images/products/13.png'),(14,'Zippo Sterling Silver Vintage',5400000,'Premium','','The premium Windproof Sterling Silver lighter, a replica from 1935, is part of Zippo\'s precious metal collection. This sterling silver Zippo lighter has flatter planes with sharper, less rounded edges, where the front and back surfaces meet. The lid and bottom are joined by a four-barrel hinge. The internal components are flatter, with squared edges where they meet between the front and back surfaces.',5,'../images/products/14.png'),(15,'Zippo High Polish Sterling',5400000,'Premium','','This highly polished Sterling Silver lighter is an exquisite product and one of Zippo\'s most precious metals. This lighter is made of pure sterling silver and polished to perfection, creating a high-gloss finish.',15,'../images/products/15.png'),(24,'Zippo Hand Satin Sterling',5400000,'Premium','','This Hand Satin Sterling Silver 1941 Replica lighter is part of Zippo\'s precious metal collection. The sterling silver case has flat surfaces with sharper, less rounded edges where the front and back meet. The lid and bottom are connected by a four-barrel hinge. The internal components are flatter, with squared edges where they meet between the front and back surfaces. Case Material: Solid Sterling Silver - Elegant and sophisticated design.',14,'../images/products/24.png'),(26,'Zippo Armor® High Polish',6800000,'Premium','','The exquisitely polished Sterling Silver is part of Zippo\'s precious metal collection. This Armor® case is made of sterling silver and has been upgraded for a refined finish. Case Material: Solid sterling silver with a specially designed substantial bottom. The Armor™ case series is over 1.5 times thicker than the standard version, providing a more robust feel in hand.',17,'../images/products/26.png'),(27,'Zippo Armor™ Brushed',6800000,'Premium','1','The Zippo lighter\'s case material is made of solid sterling silver with a purity of 92.5%. The exquisitely polished Sterling Silver is part of Zippo\'s precious metal collection. This Armor® case is made of sterling silver and has been upgraded for a refined finish. The Armor™ case series is over 1.5 times thicker than the standard version, providing a more robust feel in hand.',4,'../images/products/27.png'),(121,'Zippo Antique Silver',750000,'Classics','1','The Antique Silver lighter is finished on a brass case and additionally coated with a layer of silver-colored metal, complementing the distinctive vintage appearance of classic Zippo lighters. Each Antique Silver Plate lighter is coated with a clear lacquer to preserve its antique look for a longer period.',18,'../images/products/121.png'),(150,'Zippo Classic Black Ice®',700000,'Classics','','The case material is brass, with a glossy black stone-like background. ',29,'../images/products/150.png'),(151,'Zippo Classic Multi Color',700000,'Classics','1','One of Zippo\'s distinctive finishes, characterized by a multi-color pillar-like appearance. Each pattern is highlighted with a quality that changes dimensions based on light. Each Spectrum lighter is slightly different, showcasing a variance in the multicolor effect. The Spectrum lighters have been part of the product line since 2002.',0,'../images/products/151.png'),(162,'Zippo Armor® Brushed Chrome',700000,'Classics','','The Brushed Chrome lighter features a unique horizontal brushed technique, creating a refined horizontal texture on both the front and back of the product. The surfaces of the lighter are polished to a perfect finish to enhance the contrast. The Brushed Chrome design was introduced in 1933 and remains Zippo\'s most popular lighter model. It\'s a standard product line, a favored and best-selling design. The case material is brass, with a horizontally brushed chrome-plated finish. The Armor™ case series is over 1.5 times thicker than the standard version, providing a more robust feel in hand.',13,'../images/products/162.png'),(167,'Zippo Armor™ High Polish',750000,'Classics','1','The High Polish Chrome lighter is designed with its hallmark feature being a perfect and radiant finish. The qualities of silver and the luminous characteristics of a High Polish Chrome lighter make it one of the most versatile models. The High Polish Chrome version has been one of the most popular designs and has gradually become a flagship product line for Zippo since 1938. The case material is brass, with a shiny chrome-plated finish. The Armor™ case series is over 1.5 times thicker than the standard version, making it a favored and best-selling design.',3,'../images/products/167.png'),(168,'Zippo Armor™ Brushed Brass',750000,'Classics','','The case material is brass, with a horizontally brushed copper plating. The Armor™ case is over 1.5 times thicker than the standard version, providing a more solid grip.',17,'../images/products/168.png'),(228,'Zippo Year of the Rabbit',3995000,'Asia','1','Zippo welcomes 2023 with a limited edition exclusively for Asia. Zippo has employed intricate technologies to engrave the image of a Rabbit on the Zippo lighter, symbolizing kindness, elegance, and beauty against a gold background adorned with red inlays, symbolizing happiness and luck. Presented on the surface of the glossy gold-plated lighter, using sophisticated deep engraving technology combined with full-color inlays. The design is also replicated on the accompanying gold-plated commemorative coin. Limited to 1000 pieces, so hurry and place your order today to add to your collection—or carry along for luck in the upcoming new year. The product comes packaged in an elegant gift box.',10,'../images/products/228.png'),(235,'Zippo Moon Phase',3100000,'Asia','','The Zippo logo is designed on the front side, and the phrase \"I love you to the moon and back\" is engraved on the reverse side. The pattern depicts the image of the moon and stars on three sides, with 7 pieces of crystal placed on the front and back sides. Two different colors of crystal have been chosen to replicate the image and the natural feel of the night sky.',7,'../images/products/235.png'),(236,'Zippo Moon and Rabbits',2790000,'Asia','','The motif of the moon and the jade rabbit is widely popular across various cultures, especially in Asian cultures. The moon and the jade rabbit are significant folklore characters often associated with the Mid-Autumn Festival. Versions with special designs are introduced and exclusively released in Asian countries. Packaged in a gift-style paper box, accompanied by usage instructions and safety warnings.',7,'../images/products/236.png'),(1136,'Zippo Hall of Fame',3280000,'Asia','','The Zippo ASIA lighter is a product crafted and formed on an authentic Zippo insert imported from the United States, made of brass case and steel insert. Subsequently, it is designed and decorated using various technologies by artisans from Asian countries such as Japan, South Korea, and more. Versions with special designs are introduced and exclusively released in Asian countries. It is packaged in a gift box. For optimal performance, ensure to fill the Zippo lighter with fuel.',8,'../images/products/1136.png'),(1139,'Zippo Pray Cross',3500000,'Asia','1','The Zippo ASIA lighter is a product crafted and formed on an authentic Zippo insert imported from the United States, made of brass case and steel insert. Subsequently, it is designed and decorated using various technologies by artisans from Asian countries such as Japan, South Korea, and more. Versions with special designs are introduced and exclusively released in Asian countries. It is packaged in a gift box. For optimal performance, ensure to fill the Zippo lighter with fuel.',10,'../images/products/1139.png'),(1600,'Zippo Slim® Brushed',550000,'Slim',NULL,'The Zippo Slim® lighter was introduced in 1956 as a product aimed to attract consumers seeking a less masculine lighter. Over time, the Slim® lighter has evolved into a popular choice for many consumers. Its slim, lightweight design makes it easier to carry a Zippo lighter. With a less bulky lighter, it fits into pockets and bags without causing any inconvenience. The Zippo Slim® lighter comes in the following finishes: painted, brass, chrome, and high polish. Case Material: Brass case with a horizontally brushed chrome-plated finish.',20,'../images/products/1600.png'),(1605,'Zippo Slim® Satin',550000,'Slim','','The Zippo Slim® lighter was introduced in 1956 as a product aimed to attract consumers seeking a less masculine lighter. Over time, the Slim® lighter has evolved into a popular choice for many consumers. Its slim, lightweight design makes it easier to carry a Zippo lighter. With a less bulky lighter, it fits into pockets and bags without causing any inconvenience. The Zippo Slim® lighter comes in the following finishes: painted, brass, chrome, and high polish. The case material is brass, with a Satin Chrome-plated finish.',24,'../images/products/1605.png'),(1606,'Zippo Slim® Armor®',800000,'Slim','1','The slim Armor® High Polish Chrome lighter is designed with its hallmark feature being a perfect and radiant finish. The qualities of silver and the luminous characteristics of a High Polish Chrome lighter make it one of the most versatile models. The High Polish Chrome version has been one of the most popular designs and has gradually become a flagship product line for Zippo since 1938.',21,'../images/products/1606.png'),(1610,'Zippo Slim® High Polish',600000,'Slim','1','The Zippo Slim® lighter was introduced in 1956 as a product aimed to attract consumers seeking a less masculine lighter. Over time, the Slim® lighter has evolved into a popular choice for many consumers. Its slim, lightweight design makes it easier to carry a Zippo lighter. With a less bulky lighter, it fits into pockets and bags without causing any inconvenience. The Zippo Slim® lighter comes in the following finishes: painted, brass, chrome, and high polish.',25,'../images/products/1610.png'),(1627,'Zippo Slim® Green Matte',600000,'Slim','','The matte painted lighters are created by applying an electrostatically charged paint layer onto the brass case. The matte finish provides a perfect texture to the lighter, not showing fingerprints and being less prone to scratches compared to chrome and brass plating. There are various colors available for you to choose from, creating a fantastic everyday lighter to carry with you.',25,'../images/products/1627.png'),(1633,'Zippo Slim® Red Matte',600000,'Slim','','The standard product line features brass case lighters with a red electrostatically painted finish. The matte painted lighters are created by applying an electrostatically charged paint layer onto the brass case. The matte finish provides a perfect texture to the lighter, not showing fingerprints and being less prone to scratches compared to chrome and brass plating. There are various colors available for you to choose from, creating a fantastic everyday lighter to carry with you.',21,'../images/products/1633.png');
